README.md, before:

# 1 Tutorial per Day

## Summary

This repository intends to "capture" many Youtube tutorials.

The main idea here is to train technologies, techniques, how each dev implements and organize the code.

## Usecase

As a software engineer, I need to learn, learn, and learn ALWAYS. 

This repo should be used to collect all those "micro-learnings" of my day-by-day and to share this knowledge.

## Expected Technologies - Main

  - Javascript/Typescript
    - NodeJS
    - ReactJS
    - NextJS
  - Tests
    - Jest
      - Supertest
  - Messaging
    - RabbitMQ
    - Apache Kafka
    - Redis (as MQ)

## Expected Technologies - Sub

  - Monorepo
    - ~~Lerna / Yarn Workspaces (pnpm?)~~
    - [Nx](https://nx.app/)
  - React :: Redux-Saga
  - React :: Context-API
  - NextJS :: State Management (Redux?)
  - NodeJS :: Web Workers
  - NodeJS :: Native Modules
    - Native Modulues written in Rust using [NEON](https://neon-bindings.com/)
  - NodeJS :: WebSockets (not socket.io =P)
  - NodeJS :: Streams
  - NodeJS :: Moleculer (NodeJS Microservices Framework)
  - GraphQL
  - HTTP3

## Expected Techniques

  - DDD :: Domain-Driven Design
  - TDD :: Test-Driven Development
  - S.O.L.I.D
  - Clean Architectures

## Projects

  - NODEJS:: Boilerplate

## My Links

  * [Notion :: hpandelo's FullStack Wiki](https://www.notion.so/hpandelo/Fullstack-Wiki-357948e726e6488d8b26b65085ac6ec0)
  * [LinkedIn :: in/helciomacedo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/helciomacedo/)

Commit message:

chore: added Code Challenges to apps folder

README.md, after:

# 1 Tutorial per Day

## Summary

This repository intends to "capture" many Youtube tutorials.

The main idea here is to train technologies, techniques, how each dev implements and organize the code.

## Usecase

As a software engineer, I need to learn, learn, and learn ALWAYS. 

This repo should be used to collect all those "micro-learnings" of my day-by-day and to share this knowledge.

## Expected Technologies - Main

  - Javascript/Typescript
    - NodeJS
    - ReactJS
    - NextJS
  - Tests
    - Jest
      - Supertest
  - Messaging
    - RabbitMQ
    - Apache Kafka
    - Redis (as MQ)

## Expected Technologies - Sub

  - Monorepo
    - ~~Lerna / Yarn Workspaces (pnpm?)~~
    - [Nx](https://nx.app/)
  - React :: Redux-Saga
  - React :: Context-API
  - NextJS :: State Management (Redux?)
  - NodeJS :: Web Workers
  - NodeJS :: Native Modules
    - Native Modulues written in Rust using [NEON](https://neon-bindings.com/)
  - NodeJS :: WebSockets (not socket.io =P)
  - NodeJS :: Streams
  - NodeJS :: Moleculer (NodeJS Microservices Framework)
  - GraphQL
  - HTTP3

## Expected Techniques

  - DDD :: Domain-Driven Design
  - TDD :: Test-Driven Development
  - S.O.L.I.D
  - Clean Architectures

## Projects

  - NODEJS:: Boilerplate

## Code Challenges
  Sometimes, instead to create a new project into the day, I'll do some **Code Challenges** (Mainly when participating of some hiring process =P)
  So.. By this reason, I'll be adding inside the ./apps folder a new one called "Code Challenges" to keep those scripts with some challenges done by me

## My Links

  * [Notion :: hpandelo's FullStack Wiki](https://www.notion.so/hpandelo/Fullstack-Wiki-357948e726e6488d8b26b65085ac6ec0)
  * [LinkedIn :: in/helciomacedo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/helciomacedo/)
